文件下载网址  =>  文件保存路径
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/china/fancybox_loading.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\fancybox_loading.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/ICOTel.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\icotel.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/ModelLA.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\modella.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/BtnSubmitA.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\btnsubmita.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/uploadfiles/bigimages/2014/02/21/16095359.jpg  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\picture\16095359.jpg
http://www.wancaitang.cn/images/images/zoom-01.png  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\zoom-01.png
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/china/blank.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\blank.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/china/fancybox_loading@2x.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\fancybox_loading@2x.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/ModelRB.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\modelrb.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/xiaoyuan.jpg  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\xiaoyuan.jpg
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/BtnResetB.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\btnresetb.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/images/images/hori_large.png  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\hori_large.png
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/CloseA.jpg  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\closea.jpg
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/ModelLB.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\modellb.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/HLineBack.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\hlineback.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/SearchB.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\searchb.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/images/common/widgets/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/ICOAddress.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\icoaddress.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/CloseB.jpg  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\closeb.jpg
http://www.wancaitang.cn/images/images/title_bg.jpg  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\title_bg.jpg
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/china/fancybox_sprite@2x.png  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\fancybox_sprite@2x.png
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/image/loader.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\loader.gif
http://www.wancaitang.cn/scripts/images/See.gif  =>  E:\install\仿站小工具\www.wancaitang.cn\images\see.gif